## Notes on the First Experiment

1. We excluded the `torture` module of recutils-1.8 from compiling. This is a test module.

2. The time records of Table 1 was measured inside the VM environment, so it may be different from the same table in our paper. 
Experiments for the paper version of this table was not performed inside a VM.

3. If you want to check the correctness and safety of our patches, please see the .patch files in resources/patches. 
According to our manual inspection (as reported in our paper), all patches except snort-35 (this was safe but incorrect) were both safe and correct.

4. For 8 false alarms in inetutils-1.9.4, FootPatch generated patches that insert `strcat` as deallocators,
all of which we think may have been generated by some bugs. We did not report this result in the paper.

5. The patch results of FootPatch depends on Infer's analysis that has non-deterministic characteristics,
including that its results may sometimes vary depending on the machine specification (See [here](https://github.com/facebook/infer/issues/1110)).
We have confirmed that inside the VirtualBox environment the patch result was different for some benchmarks even on our local machine. 
FootPatch generated more patches than we reported in our paper as described below, but we will not reflect this result in the final paper:
    * In Swoole, one more patch for a false alarm was generated.
    * In snort-2.9.1.3, two more patches for two false alarms were generated.

6. For p11-kit, we have discovered some numbers incorrectly reported in our paper (table 1):
   * We missed two patches created by FootPatch.
   * We incorrectly reported a correct patch as unsafe.
   
   These errata will be corrected in the camera-ready version:
   
      |        | Generated_T  | Correct_T  | Incorrect_T | Unsafe_T | Generated_F | Unsafe_F |
      | ------ | -----------  | ---------  | ----------- | -------- | ----------- | -------- |
      | Before |       6      |   5        |      0      |    1     |       2     |   2      |
      | After  |       7      |   6        |      1      |    0     |       3     |   3      |
